{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7170\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I had a lot of fun making this game. The first thing I decided to do was change populate right so that the obstacles would create a cool path for the user to weave through. This was the hardest part to code because I had to figure out how to keep track of the next spots the obstacles had to be placed. Next I added mushrooms as a power-up , to increase the number of lives the user has. After executing the power-up, I decided to make rounds for the user to survive. After each round the speed of the game increases, incrementing every 200 times the while loop in gameLauncher goes through. I added gifs for all of the obstacles, and even included a cool color changing background. In addition, I made different splash screens for if the user wins or loses. Some extra features I included are pressing "R" to change characters. Hitting the space bar can be used to throw a fireball in the space right in front of the character. At the start of the game their is a state where the only way to get by the goombas is by throwing snowballs at them, and then before reaching Bowzer the user should be able to move throughout the grid. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
For the most part, I would say that my code is efficient and refactored. I made a few helper functions for the populate right function to make it shorter. Have fun playing our games!!}